motherfucker hey motherfucker hey
motherfucker hey I'm gonna cook
something and if you don't like my
mother fucking smearing get the fuck
outta hey hey hey motherfucker hey
motherfucker hey motherfucker hey ok so
much of that ok I'm gonna do a quick
fucking cooking video here today i'll
show you guys how to fry a fish with
onions and peppers and suffer that and
then going a nice nice nice coo coo
breaths cunt coco bread and solve this
with a piece of fucking egg and there is
the best motherfucking thing ok listen
why am I talking like a fucking Trini ok
fuck you go by the starfish one by nice
selfish notta for his thinking saw
fishes get from piano by some nice
Canadian selfish get some beer regret
was you can eat lots of those get some
Tomatoes you need lots of those get a
big motherfucking onion you're gonna
need that get some galley you can need
that and get some black pepper you're
gonna need that motherfucker's first of
all we gonna and you need a little
fucking pot with water inside
motherfuckers motherfuckers you need a
pot with water inside motherfuckers so
what we're going to do we're going to
take a sawfish and we gonna put it in
before k water and we get a double boil
it we're gonna boil it for 10 minutes
then we gonna strain the water and we
get a boil it again for another 10
minutes and that's to get the fucking
salt out and get this office nice and
soft and fresh so check this out mother
fuckers able to focus I finish the first
buying another let's do the second buyer
10 minutes 10 minutes then we can string
that I let cool down and then we can
break it up fine fine fine fine fine but
that too motherfucking fine you don't
want the motherfucking thing to find so
over here was a mess by Lynn I caught up
the fucking onions I create the fucking
Gallic caught up the fucking weary
pepper this could be hot a nice cold and
I got the fucking I got the fucking arm
we can leave again we're calling
tomatoes ready Scott check it down
motherfucker check it out I say check it
out never pay paki girl I'll
meebo g'yahhhh from behind lift up your
pookie god i let me bother you from
behind because you don't wanna fuck it
anyway you don't want it pokey anyway
you wanna bugga-bugga-bugga-bugga- clear
I begged off my neck though all right
you guys don't want to watch this video
I don't give a fuck don't motherfucking
watch it only real people watch would
buy videos only real people I got back
to mother fuckers you can't find this
fucking video like this nowhere else you
might find a lot of videos how to make
sour fish but not like this motherfucker
check it out ok motherfuckers the
starfish finish by Lynn desales fucking
come out rue dragon in a cool little
then we gonna break the motherfucking up
yep bring the baby fucking up like most
marriages over there we're gonna bring
the mother fuck it up ok motherfuckers
the fucking saw fish is all fuckin strip
a nice i buy the boneless mother fucking
selfish i don't buy fucking software
should bones a guileless squad but those
fucking stripper too small that's that's
a good enough sighs that's a good enough
sighs so we have everything ready we're
gonna dump this and now in the oil that
I'm heating up now so we adore Paula
that's in the oil that's an easy enough
now we're gonna dump all this
motherfucking shit and that's not a
fucking oil that I am heating up now
motherfucker say here goes right
everything dump in there right we're
gonna fry this motherfucking thing up
right up fry fry the motherfucking thing
with the peppers and everything does not
look nice yeah there's my love nice yeah
and you Trini motherfuckers you fucking
pretty motherfucking dog eat dog shit
eat them motherfuckers let me give you
guys a shout out pretty fucking people
eat dog shit 20 forget people is a shit
in the doubles in the doubles in the
door boom so we gonna fry the stuff
though right get all the pepper in there
get everything in there we're gonna fire
it up fry it up right up motherfuckers
fried up
okay motherfuckers know that that's fry
up I Charlie still down to medium I fry
that up nice writeup nice we're gonna
add they're all the fucking selfish shit
like that all the fucking saw fish now
remember don't put others are focusing
it has already fucking selfish right
that's why I boil it's a pile of the
motherfucking salt yeah motherfucker
yeah yeah motherfucker yeah yeah
motherfucker yeah and then the last
thing we add to this is the fucking
tomatoes right so we fry this up a
little look there's a deep soft back in
here trying to get away your spot for
yourself it's like any bald motherfucker
hiding for me we just gonna fry this up
right until it's finished and that's a
motherfucking shit that's the
motherfucking shit okay remember that
number that ship talked about the other
day if if you bugger woman and I should
tell you shouldn't know that you bought
a share right your life nothing that
women years bother them and then they go
oh no you don't bother me Yeah right I
did bother you bitch okay we gonna come
back when it's almost finish later
motherfuckers okay mother fuckers
fuckers rude boy doesn't fuck around
this is almost finish right you give us
enough fucking minutes get some milk Rio
right I like myself is right right I'm
boiling some eggs here because you can't
fucking you have to slice and dice those
eggs wait for the sawfish in the cocoa
bread that I guess bought chocolate
fucking coco bread selfish and that
Scott is good motherfucker is so good
it's look good wait till you see the
finished product the next time you see
me next time I come back here Scott
let's walk in and finish and in the
working woke up and I know about the run
ex-con I'll em on the run like a whole
pussy little motherfuckers okay
motherfuckers the fucking shit finish
look at that on the cocoa bread on the
cocoa bread I butter one side but this
is the part I like the best you get to
buy leg you put it in the fucking thing
you turn it over like this whoops then
you take it out turn it over then you
put this on there like that oh my god
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
they're looking good they're looking
good oh my god oh my god oh my god were
you going video is gone oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god good oh look at
all look at all I know you're closing
motherfucking thing and then you press
he down your pressie down your pressie
down your pressie down watching their
desk want baci baci I walk in one eye he
asked want your pussy don't and then get
demoted for him to you eat the
motherfucking thing if you guys are like
this video go fuck yourself all you
mother fucking hand us go suck my
fucking dick bye